Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us today.
Well, there is a lot going on right now, isn't there, baby?
A major earthquake took place in Thailand, 7.
7.
And so far, they say 100,000 people they think have perished.
There's rubble on everybody.
So, we need to pray for them today.
That's one of the things we're going to lift up: that they would find the survivors and help find them quickly.
You know, there are people buried underneath that rubble and all the debris.
And I'm praying that they'll have rescue dogs, whatever they have, to find these people that are still alive, and that the people that are alive will be safe wherever they're at.
This is a very, very serious situation.
And you know, y'all, a lot of people say, 'Hey, Brandon, you prophesied.
' Yes, I talked about this.
This is what the Lord showed me was coming back a couple weeks ago.
And he told us, he said, 'Great earthquakes were going to start to take place.
As labor pains upon a woman, so will it be.
We're seeing the labor pains intensify.
' And he told me they were going to intensify, folks.
And he said, 'Now, when I told you all we prayed last time, I saw that you could not go horizontal in your eyes in the flesh because of what we're going to see.
' Because in the natural, if you are looking at what I have seen coming, if you're looking at going horizontal, it will have the tendency to try to get you in fear because of what we're going to see, because so many things are going to start to escalate.
And he told us major earthquakes were going to start to take place.
Major.
And it would not be these little 5.
0 earthquakes.
I saw great earthquakes that would start to take place and they would happen in the sea, and I saw the sea opening and I saw the gases coming up and I saw the deep-sea fish—this would be a major sign that when we would see fish we've never seen before.
Signs of fish that we've never seen before dying and washing up on the shore or fleeing the area and coming up higher out of the deep waters, trying to get away from what's happening on the ocean floor, because the Lord showed me there would be major things taking place on the ocean floor.
And I saw tsunamis.
I saw the one going into Alaska again.
I saw that one.
I've told you all about that.
I told you all about the ones taking place in Japan.
I've told you about the earthquakes in a lot of places, but it was more than that.
It was about volcanoes.
And I warned you about Italy and a major earthquake taking place in Italy and a tsunami wave coming in there.
And so, like I said, for all the things and all the warnings that I'm warning you all about, he said this was not something that was man.
This part was not something man-made.
It's the earth groaning.
It's the earth shaking.
There's going to be major things happening in the earth because it is having birth pains.
And we're going to see it because why?
Jesus Christ is coming.
Bottom line.
And we're getting ready to step into the tribulation period.
I believe the rapture of the church is right at our doorstep and most people are still asleep.
And that's why he told us, not last prayer or the prayer before, whatever it was, he said, 'I'm going for the ones in the backfield.
I'm coming for the revival for the ones in the backfield.
' Brandon, I'm leaving the ninety-nine to go after the one.
And most people are going, 'Brandon, really?
' No.
Seriously, God loves you and he's coming after you.
He said, 'Satan has come after the kids, but Brandon, I'm coming after him harder.
I'm coming after this youth generation.
I'm coming after the ones that seem like there was no hope.
I'm coming after the unlovely.
' Do you understand, folks?
God is a God that is not a loser.
He's a victorious God.
And we are on the victory side.
And I'm telling you, God is coming after your unsaved loved ones.
And they're going to have that road to Damascus experience.
They're going to have that shaking to awaken.
And I believe we're not going to go in the rapture defeated.
We're going victorious and we're going without spot or wrinkle.
And we're going to go with the healing revival and demonstrations and manifestations of the glory of God like we've never seen before.
But yes, we are going to see.
I told you it's like focusing on a quarter.
There's two sides.
The quarter is really thin, but both sides are very different from the other.
And that's the way it's going to be.
You're going to either focus on the light or you're going to focus on the darkness because things are going to go gross darkness.
So much so, the darkness that I saw that was coming was so dark that it was tangible.
It was just like it was in Egypt.
Darkness that you could feel.
I don't know about you, but I've never felt darkness so dark that you can feel it.
How do you—I mean, that is overwhelming darkness.
The light's going to get lighter and the dark's going to get darker.
But the glorious church is going to rise up like the Tommy Hicks vision.
And I believe like Jesus said to us in the last two or three prayer times ago: 'Who's going to say yes?
Who's going to say yes?
' So here we see another thing: Zelensky saying, 'We're not going to forgive the United States.
We're not going to pay back the United States debts.
' And we see him saying, 'We want aid.
We want more missiles.
We want this stuff.
' And I said, I told you all there will be—that man is a very dark man.
And I'm telling you, there's going to be a false—I feel it in my spirit still.
I'm still praying over this.
And it's something we all should be praying over: a false flag event, a provoking of trying to poke the bear.
I'm telling you all, we need to be praying that they don't try to poke the bear—poking the bear to do something very drastic.
And I said there is a distraction over here while the Houthis and all this stuff going on for what Iran is not wanting to be uncovered.
And there will be an uncovering.
And I've seen the United States of America striking Iran, Israel striking Iran, and it brought on great anti-Semitism, more than what we've ever seen before in America, protesting the lives that they'd say were taken in Iran in the days ahead.
A major escalation of war in the Middle East for what I have seen coming with Turkey going alongside Syria in the days ahead and them trying to basically be like a big brother to Syria more than what we've ever seen before.
Then we will see—I've seen in the spirit more about Iran.
So we'll see.
We're praying over that stuff.
So we pray that it does not happen.
But I'm telling you, we will see an increase of war and rumors of war in these days ahead.
And we are going to see plagues, pestilence, and we're going to see these things, folks.
The Bible said we would.
But where are we supposed to keep our eyes?
On him.
Yep.
Why?
Because our redemption's drawing nigh.
And he said to be hearing him.
If you are not listening to the Lord, you could go in the wrong place at the wrong time and not make it.
But if you are following the Holy Spirit like a snapping of a finger, boom, boom, boom.
And you're listening to him, being filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit, you will always be protected.
You are his beloved.
But if you step out of sync with him, it's an opportunity for the devil to try to take you out before you're supposed to go home.
And I refuse to let the devil do that.
We are going to be in sync with the Father, listening to his voice and the stranger's voice we will not follow, and being like that heartbeat, following as he dances, as he leads in prayer, we will follow.
But we're seeing the things happen on the news is what I'm trying to tell you.
We had the first major earthquake and 100,000 people.
That's terrible.
We pray for the victims.
We pray for the people.
But I'm telling you, there's more coming.
And it will happen with the oceans.
We know that we are looking because we know our redemption is drawing nigh.
We're looking to the skies.
But this is what I saw in prayer yesterday.
I saw Jesus standing right here and he was looking at a brook.
It was a stream and there were mountains on this side like a valley.
I could see rock ledges and there was a stream running through like a snake stream.
It looked like it was curvy and it ran through, and Jesus was watching.
I saw people on both sides come up to the water and start lapping up the water.
Some of them were very dignified in the way they got on their knees.
They had their nice clothes on and they didn't want to look like they were going to dirty themselves.
They got up there and they just barely squatted down and they cupped their hands and they brought the water up to them.
But some of the people that went up to the water were desperate and they were just like, 'I am so thirsty.
I have to have this water.
' And they were undignified.
They did not look like they had a lot going for them.
Their clothes weren't as nice.
They didn't look like they were real clean.
They were desperate and out of the desperation they were drinking the water.
They were trying to fill themselves up with that water all they could as fast as they could.
You knew the other people were desperate and thirsty but they didn't want to display themselves like that.
I saw the Lord and I said, 'Lord, what are you doing in my prayer time yesterday?
' and he said, 'I'm watching to see who's the thirstiest.
I'm watching to see who's going to come with me to the greater glory.
Who can be used for the greater glory?
I'm watching how they're drinking.
' So, this is the scripture the Lord gave to me when I was in the vision.
Diana's going to read this and then we're going to go to another scripture the Lord gave me.
And the Lord said to Gideon, 'The men are still too many.
Bring them down to the water and I will test them for you there.
And he of whom I say to you, 'This man shall go with you,' shall go with you.
And he of whom I say to you, 'This man shall not go with you,' shall not go.
' So he brought the men down to the water.
And the Lord said to Gideon, 'Everyone who laps up the water with his tongue as a dog laps it, you shall set by himself.
Likewise, everyone who bows down on his knees to drink.
' And the number of those who lapped, putting their hand to their mouth, was 300 men.
But the rest of the people bowed down upon their knees to drink the water.
And the Lord said to Gideon, 'With the 300 men who lapped, I will deliver you and give the Midianites into your hand.
Let all the others return every man to his home.
' So basically, he was looking for the people who were undignified.
He was looking for the people who were sold out and were really thirsty.
They did not care about how they looked.
They probably looked really dumb.
They probably didn't look too educated.
They just wanted the water.
How desperate do you want the water?
And the Lord said to me, 'I'm watching to see how my people are drinking to see the ones who I'm going to be able to take to the end-time glory.
Who are the ones and how are they drinking?
Do they care about what they look like?
Are they sold out?
Are they all in?
Are they too worried about how they look in public?
Or will I look embarrassed if I lay hands on the sick?
And if he asks me to cast out a devil, is it convenient for me right now because that person over there might talk bad about me?
I'm all in and I'm drinking that water with all I've got because I'm desperate just to please him.
No matter what nobody else thinks, I am going to lap it up like a dog.
' He just took 300.
So, it doesn't take a lot for this end-time harvest.
He's just looking for the ones who don't care about what everybody else thinks about them.
He's just wanting somebody that wants just to drink.
How desperate are you for the water?
How thirsty?
How hungry?
That's what it's coming down to.
Gideon's mighty men, the ones that went and defeated, were just sold out and they looked foolish.
But God said, 'He's the one; you can use them.
' The other guys are too dignified.
So this is another scripture that we got about the drinking, letting the Holy Spirit use you.
It's in John 7.
Now on the final and most important day of the feast, Jesus stood and he cried in a loud voice, 'If any man is thirsty, let him come to me and drink.
He who believes in me, who cleaves to and trusts in and relies on me, as the scripture has said, from his innermost being shall flow continuously springs and rivers of living water.
' He who believes in me, who cleaves to and trusts in and relies on me.
Cleaves to, trusts in, and relies on me.
As the scripture has said, from his innermost being shall flow continuously springs and rivers of living water.
Springs and rivers of living water that are coming out of the throne.
And he's watching to see how you drink.
This scripture right here is what he showed me.
This is John 7, which is amazing.
It goes along with Gideon and with the drinking.
When you're praying in the spirit, you're coming to him for the drink.
And as you're drinking from him, out of you flow the rivers.
We're trying to dump that river out on everybody else because it's the anointing that destroys the yoke.
But a lot of people go up to the river with a little straw and they try to drink with a little straw, filling themselves up, but they're trying to dump a bathtub outside of you.
But you've only used a little straw to fill up the water drinking from him.
We've got to become bigger drinkers.
Drink from the well.
Just like he said, 'I'm opening the caps of revival of the deeper water.
' Remember the word I gave you all?
It was Brother Hagin.
They took a little bit of a cup and they drank a little of it, and Oral Roberts had a little cup of that revival, and Kathryn Kuhlman and all the ones in the tent revivals back in the early 1900s, like Jack Coe and all them.
But the Lord said to me, 'Brandon, where I'm taking the body of Christ in these last days is in the deeper water.
And you will not just go ankle deep, but you're going to go all the way down.
' Remember when I told you I went to the throne room and he said, 'It's time for the body to go over the head,' because there was a fountain of water flowing down at the Father's throne and there was ankle-deep water, waist-deep water, and all the way down.
It was the clearest crystal water I've ever seen.
The pool of living water was flowing out of the throne and out of the Father.
And he said, "Brandon, it's time to go to the deeper waters.
" It's undignified, folks.
It's losing yourself and not being dignified.
It's being filled with and controlled by the Holy Spirit for what he's wanting to do in these last days.
Go to the deeper water where the Holy Ghost is at.
Lose yourself in it.
Not caring who's around you, dying to self—what we're always talking about—dying to self, being a vessel that God can use because you are filled and controlled by the Holy Spirit, being that river like Diana was talking about, getting to it and drinking.
So, how do you drink, Diana?
You have to open your mouth to drink, because you can be in a pool full of water and you can die of thirst if you don't open your mouth and drink, right?
You can be all the way in that pool and totally die of thirst.
You could be in ten-foot-deep water with your head all the way in it, but if you don't open your mouth and drink, you can die of thirst.
You have to drink.
Be a receiver.
Receive.
How do you receive?
By singing hymns and spiritual songs, making melody in your heart unto the Lord.
It's not about having the mightiest prayer; it's about being the biggest receiver, opening yourself up as he's pouring the rivers out.
Just think, "I am just receiving.
" I'm going to be the biggest receiving vessel and let the rivers flow out of you.
That's it.
Not drinking a little Holy Spirit with a little straw, but lapping it up.
How desperate are you?
Like he's talking about the mighty men of war, I want to lap it up.
I'm down on my hands and knees.
When Jesus was watching, I could see the way the Father was looking.
Jesus was up there and he was looking at the people in the church and he was watching who was going to be undignified.
I mean, you try not to be undignified.
You know what I'm saying?
Like, who's just sold out to me and how they drink?
How desperate are they for that water right now?
My God, I'm desperate, folks.
Diana is desperate.
And I ain't going to drink through a little bitty straw looking for Jesus.
I want him to be like Niagara Falls in New York.
And I want to go up there and just sit underneath those falls and open my mouth as wide as I can even if it drowns me.
Drown me, Lord.
Drown me with your glory.
Pour out your spirit on me, Father.
We're thirsty.
We're hungry.
We're desperate.
We need more of you.
And even if we look stupid in the natural, let us do something big for you.
I just think whenever that prayer time happened yesterday, I thought, "This cannot just go at the end of a session tonight.
It has to be the whole primary focus for tomorrow.
" When Jesus showed me that yesterday, I sat there and I just went, "Wow, how desperate.
How much water?
" Because out of your belly shall flow rivers of living water.
You have another scripture.
Yeah, James 1:17-18.
This is the Message version.
It says, "So my very dear friends, don't get thrown off course.
Every desirable and beneficial gift comes out of heaven.
The gifts are rivers of light cascading down from the father of light.
There is nothing deceitful in God, nothing two-faced, nothing fickle.
He brought us to life using the true word, showing us off as the crown of all his creatures.
" It flows like a river.
The gifts are rivers of light cascading down from the father of light.
Glory to God.
Folks, will you be used?
Will you drink?
Will you drink from his cup?
Like I said, "Fill my cup, Lord.
I lift it up, Lord.
Come and quench this thirsting of my soul.
" As I say it all the time, I sing it to y'all because it's the bread of heaven.
Feed me till I want no more.
Fill my cup.
Fill it up and make me whole—spirit, soul, and body.
I can just see it in the vision again.
The people who are just barely drinking, looking around.
Versus the people who are radical.
They dip in their hands.
"Oh, I need more water.
I need more water.
I'm going deep.
" In fact, I'm jumping in and I'm going to have a splashdown.
I'm going to get down in there and I'm going to drink all that water.
And people are just freaking out.
"I can use him.
I can use her because they're just sold out.
" I'm watching the people and I'm watching to see how they drink.
How are they drinking today?
When I first saw it when I was praying, I thought, "Well, what does that matter?
What do you mean, I'm watching to see how they drink?
" I pondered that and I prayed over that and I thought, "Isn't that interesting?
" And then the Lord gave me these scriptures and it's just amazing to me.
He so desires for everybody to be like David when he danced out of his robe because his wife was looking up at him and going, "This guy has lost it.
" But he was sold out.
He was dancing before the Lord and he danced himself right out of his clothes.
It was a Holy Ghost dance.
Obviously, it wasn't in the flesh.
He was just sold out.
I don't advise that, but I'm just saying being sold out.
How desperate, how hungry, how thirsty are you?
Drinking not from a straw, but standing underneath that massive waterfall.
Drink, drink, drink.
And how you drink is you pray in the spirit and you pray in tongues.
And as you pray, you're drinking.
You're drawing from that well.
The Holy Spirit is drawing from the well out of your belly.
You're drawing it and it's flowing out of you, but you're drinking and the water is like a recycle.
It comes in and it goes out.
But the bigger you drink, the more the whole waterfall comes out of you.
And if you don't, you'll get dry.
You don't want to get dry.
You have to be filled.
I told you all, be filled with the Holy Spirit.
Just like it was in Acts chapter 2, they were filled with the Holy Ghost.
But in the next couple of chapters, they were being filled again.
Why?
Because it's a continual process.
You leak out.
And the more you let that flow of the river of the Holy Spirit flow out of you, the more you have to fill it up, because if you don't, you get dry.
And people get dry spiritually and they go, "Why do I feel so dry spiritually?
" Because you're not drinking.
And how you drink is by singing and making melody in your heart, being filled with the Holy Spirit, and by praying in tongues.
That's why I say it's so important for you to get the book Why Tongues?
by Brother Hagin, Kenneth E.
Hagin.
It's like a two-dollar book on Amazon.
Read that book over and over again, and ask the Holy Spirit, "Meet me where I'm at.
" He's not going to grab your tongue and shake it.
You've got to put your boat into motion just like you do when you walk.
You've got to make the noise.
You've got to talk it out.
He's not going to come over and say, "Diana, guess what?
I'm going to shake your tongue for you and talk through you.
" No, you've got to do it.
Most people say, "I don't understand.
I can't even talk in this way.
" No, you make the noise.
You bring it forth out of you, and then it starts bubbling out of your spirit.
Your vocabulary gets bigger and bigger, and you keep changing.
The mind tries to overthink it.
Like the scripture says in 1 Corinthians 14, "For if I pray in an unknown tongue, my spirit by the Holy Spirit within me prays, but my mind is unproductive.
It bears no fruit and helps nobody.
Then what am I to do?
I will pray with my spirit by the Holy Spirit that is within me, but I will also pray intelligently with my mind and understanding.
I will sing with my spirit by the Holy Spirit that is within me, but I will sing intelligently with my mind and understanding also.
" So it's getting in sync with him right there.
It is all about being baptized in the Holy Ghost and praying in tongues, praying in the spirit.
I love that song Diana found, because Diana likes the old songs.
She says, "Honey, I found another good one.
" She brings the glorious flow into our house.
She says, "Hey, I found this song and it's praying in the spirit with a brand-new tongue.
" I love that song.
The Holy Spirit will bring songs to me and I'll wake up and have a different song.
He'll just give me a different song for the day.
You woke up singing, "He's changing me, changing from glory to glory.
He's changing me, his likeness and image to perfect in me, the love of God to the world.
For he's changing me from earthly things to the heavenly, his likeness and image to perfect in the love of God shown to the world.
" I love that.
That's what it takes to get in that river, and that's why we do it.
I feel like I just dump with these videos and I need a drink.
I tell Diana I'm dry and need a drink.
And the Holy Spirit—the more you do it, the more he fills you up.
You say, "Fill my cup, Lord," and you just drink.
And you just go, "Oh, now I feel good.
" By reading the word—the Lord just said this to me—the entrance of his word bringeth forth light.
The more you get in that word, the more it's drinking too, because the word is alive.
It's that living water flowing out of that word and it changes you from glory to glory.
He's changing me.
That's how he's doing it: by the word, by this beautiful book.
By drinking by the Holy Ghost, making hymns and spiritual songs and making melody in your heart unto the Lord.
"Oh Father, you're changing me.
" That's singing and making melody in your heart.
From glory to glory, he's changing me.
We want to open ourselves up to drink as much as we can as he's pouring it down on us.
We stand underneath it.
You're opening your mouth as wide as you can so that you get a rapid increase of the water coming out of you.
When you do, all these things that have been jamming things up come out and get loosed.
But it needs a rapid intake of water in order to break loose those things that have been stuck and jammed.
He heals you from the inside out.
That's what the Holy Spirit does, because if you want it in the natural, you've got to birth it in the spiritual first.
Diana and I talk about it all the time.
She says the spirit realm is more real than the natural realm.
It is.
But most people are only focused on what they see.
"If I don't touch it or smell it or hear it, it means it doesn't exist.
" But the spirit realm is operated all by faith.
You're going to have to jump in that river and just get all that glory all over you every single day.
If you're dry, jump in the river by singing songs and making hymns and spiritual songs in your heart, singing and making melody unto the Lord, praising him, worshiping him, and praying in tongues.
Pray in English, whatever you got to do, but get in this Bible and it will change you from the inside out.
Glory to God, folks!
Take communion until you turn purple.
Let's take communion real quick and pray.
We've already talked way too much.
I try to keep these short for y'all so we can pray for the people, but that was just beautiful yesterday.
I was watching to see how the people drink.
How are they going to drink?
I thought it was so important to him, watching you all, watching us—his bride, his people.
Father, we thank you for the body.
We thank you for all that you've done for us.
You said you were wounded for our transgressions, you were bruised for our iniquities, the chastisement of our peace was upon you, and with your stripes we're healed.
We're so thankful.
Thank you, Lord, for your body that was broken for us.
Thank you that you forgive us of our sins.
Thank you, Lord, that we shut any open doors.
There's no door that the devil can walk through because we have the body and the blood of Jesus that made a way for us to walk in victory.
No devil in hell can walk through our door.
We shut the doors to sin, sickness, disease, poverty, and lack.
We slam that door right in the devil's face.
We say you can't come in here because we just shut the door by taking communion.
Our sacrifice, our lamb slain for the foundation of the world.
He did it all for you and me.
This is what slams that door right in the devil's face.
You say, "You ain't coming in my house.
You're not coming in my marriage.
We're going to walk upright.
" We take this body right now in the name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord.
It's the meal that heals.
He's so faithful now.
Lord, we plead the blood.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us.
We cover ourselves in the blood.
And we thank you, Lord.
From glory to glory, you're changing us.
The love of God shown to the world.
For he's changing me from earthly things to the heavenlies.
Thank you, Lord, for the blood.
We make much of the blood and the blood makes much of us.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Father.
From glory to glory, he's changing me.
From glory to glory.
Change me, Father.
Change us.
Forgiveness, Father.
We mess up and we fall so short, but God, your grace and your mercy makes a way for us every single day.
Your blood made a way for me.
Your blood makes a way for us.
Your blood makes a way for Braden and Diana and Meg and all of us.
Father, your blood makes a way for us from glory to glory.
Oh, Father, we worship you.
Father, we just thank you, Lord, for your blood.
Father, we thank you for all that you've done and all that you're going to do.
And Father, we thank you that you are changing us from glory to glory.
Oh God, we love you.
We want to be great receivers.
We want to be great drinkers of the glory.
Father, we're underneath that waterfall today.
We're underneath that waterfall and we're just lapping up that water today.
We're flowing with the anointing of the Holy Ghost.
We're drinking and we get underneath that fire, the presence of the Holy Ghost.
And we thank you, Father, that we are sold out.
Father, we are the ones that just say yes.
We just say yes, Lord.
We're not worried about what we look like.
We're so focused, Father, on your face that we're looking vertically, not horizontally.
We're looking at you.
We're not even focused on all the people around us and what they think.
Because God, we're looking so much because we know that if we keep looking at you, we become more like you.
Our eyes are focused on the King of Kings and the Lord of Lords, and the glory is just like Moses.
Father, I cannot wait, Diana, until we start to see the glory on people's faces so much to be like Moses and people want to put a sack over our head because they're freaking out.
They're like, 'What is going on with you, man?
Because the glory's shining off of you.
' What would it be like to have the light switch turned on?
I haven't seen anybody in this world right now that's been like a Moses that the glory is shining upon their face so much that you got to put a veil over their head because you're freaking everybody out and like Charlton Heston in the Ten Commandments, the hair turns white like snow.
I don't know, that's a movie, but I'm just saying from glory to glory, he's changing me.
What is he changing us to be like?
More like him.
I want to be like him.
I know I'm a work in progress and I mess up.
But man, it's from glory to glory.
He's changing me.
Glory to God.
Oh Lord, help us to drink from that well.
Drink from the well that never shall run dry.
I want to drink from the well and let the living water flow out of me.
Not with a little straw.
I'm going to stand underneath Niagara Falls and if it drown me, it drown me.
Lord, just keep filling me up.
Just keep filling me up like Moses.
Let the light shine from my face, Father.
Let your glory fill me, Father, to the overflow in Jesus' name.
Thank you, Father, for the anointing of the Holy Ghost.
Thank you, Father, for all that you're going to do in these last days.
Thank you, Lord, that we're looking up for our redemption draws nigh.
Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you, Lord, for all that you're going to continue to do.
And every person's life on this broadcast right now that's watching, Father, they're watching and they're waiting and they're anticipating a supernatural touch in their life today.
I believe, Father, that this is the day the Lord has made.
Let us rejoice and be glad in it.
For today is a good day.
Today is a wonderful day.
Today is a day that you're free from depression.
You're free from anxiety.
You're free from worry.
You're free from sickness and disease.
Today is your day of your miracle.
The word of God is a lamp unto our feet and a light unto our path.
We'll hide the word in our heart that we might not sin against the Lord.
We have that light and it's a lamp and it's bright inside of us.
It's bright and it's leading us and guiding us into all truth.
The Holy Spirit's doing that and we have that.
You don't have to walk defeated anymore in your life.
We receive it today, your freedom and your deliverance for what you said we could have.
And if you're watching us, Lord, and you're saying, 'I just want to see, help me to be the one that's drinking good.
' You said, 'I'm watching my people, and I'm watching to see who's drinking, how they're drinking.
' Oh, let me be a good drinker.
Let me be a good drinker, that you look at us and go, 'Diana and Braden and me and my kids, Father, we're all drinkers.
' We're drinking of the Holy Ghost, not alcohol.
People say, 'What are you drinking?
' No, drinking of the Holy Ghost, the new wine.
Drinking of him.
Thank you, Father.
I thank you right now that we pray over the families, any families that are believing for babies right now in the name of Jesus, that their wombs are healed, their reproductive systems are whole in the name of Jesus.
Father, Holy Spirit, I thank you for a mighty touch on them.
That lifegiving healing liquid Holy Spirit river of water, living water would flow through their bodies right now.
That healing power of God would flow through their body right now and that they would be healed from the top of their head to the soles of their feet.
And Father, that their wombs would be able to conceive a baby, that their eggs...
we speak to every body part right now through the power of the Holy Ghost that you are healed, you are whole, you function as you should by the mighty power of God.
Father, you said in your word that we would be fruitful and multiply.
And Father, we thank you that these families are standing on your word.
They are standing on that promise and we speak to them right now that they will conceive the child that they have longed for and that they will not only conceive it, Father, that this baby will be healthy.
We speak over that baby.
We thank you that that baby is healed and whole, that its brain functions as it should.
We thank you that that baby will come out healthy and whole and it will have healthy Apgar scores, that it will be healthy, latch on like it should to nurse, and we thank you that that baby will have no colic in Jesus' name.
And Father, we thank you that these families will raise them up in the way they should go, and when they grow older they will not depart from it.
And Father, we thank you right now.
I thank you that you touch them and we thank you for the scriptures that they're standing on.
Make sure you're finding scripture.
Find the scripture because his promises are in this beautiful book.
Find scripture to stand on.
If you keep having miscarriage after miscarriage, say, 'No, no.
The Bible says my vine will not cast its fruit before its time, and I'm standing on this promise, and I will not be robbed.
The thief will not rob me.
I have tithing rights.
' And you speak that you claim these beautiful promises that he's given you.
The scriptures of healing.
The Bible says that Jesus took our infirmities, took our sicknesses, and whatever is not functioning, whatever it is, you speak to it in your body.
Womb, function like you should.
If you have cysts, I don't have cysts in my womb.
My womb's lining functions as it should.
Speak over that body part.
Speak over what it is.
And if you don't know what it is, just pray, 'Father, you said that we would be fruitful and multiply, and my heart's desire...
You said you would give us the desires of our heart.
And Father, I'm believing for this child, and I will set this child apart to you.
' I will dedicate and raise it for you, and that this child will be raised up in a God-fearing home and that he or she will be on fire for you.
I will raise them in the way they should go, I will teach them your word, I will show them the right way to live, and they would be used mightily in these last days in Jesus' name.
We just call that forth right now.
Find that scripture, claim it, and speak to your body.
Speak the promises of God.
Find scripture and say it daily.
And when the enemy comes in and tries to say, "Oh, you're not healed," no, the Bible says I'm healed.
The Word says I'm healed, and I call it so.
I agree.
Yes, I agree, Father.
I thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Father.
They're healed regardless.
We're not moved by what we see; we're moved by faith.
Faith calls those things that be not as though they are.
That's right, as though they are, and from glory to glory, He's changing them.
I love it.
We do our breakthrough dance now.
We act like it's so fully and no stress.
I've had women email me and say that they have been taking ovulation test after ovulation test, and the stress of that—Father, we speak over them and the shots.
They do the injections and that just is a stress on the body anyway, just thinking about it all the time.
Father, we speak over that right now: Your peace that passes all understanding, that You cover their minds and their hearts, that they will have peace and that their mind is stayed on You.
Father, we thank You that the Holy Spirit touches them right now where they are, that they would have that perfect peace of trusting You that You've got this.
They are healed and whole.
They take in these promises.
We breathe in this lifegiving word, these promises that You've given us, and we lay hold of them.
We claim them right now over these mamas and these babies.
We call it forth that Your rivers of living water that heal and make them whole—we breathe it in and drink it in right now.
We drink in these promises of healing and hope and all these beautiful things that the devil tries to come in and rob us of.
He will not.
We raise up a standard against you, devil, in the name of Jesus.
So find the scripture and we lay hold of it in Jesus' name.
Amen.
And any damage from COVID, yes, any damage.
Father, I just saw whenever you have it and it's long-term COVID and it's still lingering after all these years, you say, "I've been dealing with this for so long.
" Say, "As of today, I'm no longer dealing with that.
" I come against that virus from hell, that plague that tried to come on our world—and it did—but people have lingering effects that are still going on from this, from the shots, from all of it.
Father, we cover them in the blood right now in the name of Jesus and we break the curse off of this.
We say in the name of Jesus Christ of Nazareth: long-term COVID, you are delivered in Jesus' name.
Healed and whole and well by the stripes of Jesus, that no weapon formed against you will prosper.
The Bible says a thousand shall fall at your side and 10,000 at your right hand, but it will not come nigh you, and it's not coming nigh me anymore.
You'll say today, "Today long-term COVID is broken.
The symptoms are no longer on me from any of the vaccination, from any of it.
" I say I'm healed and whole and well in the name of Jesus, delivered from this demonic assignment.
No more demonic assignment today; we break the back of this demonic spirit and we tell it to go now in Jesus' name.
That's what you have to stand on.
You're not going to go in our house anymore.
We apply the blood of Jesus.
The cup of the covenant.
We apply the blood and on the doorpost of my house, I apply the blood.
This is your house, the temple of the Holy Ghost.
The Holy Ghost dwells in this, the temple of this house.
I apply the blood and olive oil over my house and I say, "Holy Ghost, this is your house.
This isn't a house for long-term COVID.
You get out in Jesus' name.
" You get out of the house.
He said He rebukes the devourer for my sake.
He's trying to devour my fruit, the cankerworm trying to eat my stuff, and He said He rebuked the devourer for me.
I thank You, Father.
I'm a tither and a giver, and I have tither's rights.
Most of you, I pray you are, but I'm just saying that's what you stand on.
I say that I am a giver and I have tither's rights.
I believe that God's going to provide for me and He'll take care of this long-term COVID, from disease, from long-term not having a baby.
I'm healed, I'm delivered, and I'm set free by the blood of the Lamb and the word of my testimony.
Glory to God.
Today's my day.
I'm walking in victory over this.
Father, we thank You, Lord.
Now, we lift up the people in the earthquake.
Father, every single person who's buried in the rubble, that they're still alive.
We thank You, Lord, the angelic host will go and protect them.
Father, we thank You that You would show the rescuers where the people are and how to find them quickly.
Father, I thank You that there will be people that have a great testimony out of this.
Yes, the enemy came to kill, steal, and destroy like he always does, but Father, I know that You're going to turn whatever the devil meant for bad, You're going to turn it around for good.
I pray, Father, that he'll regret ever doing this and that there'll be the greatest revival break across that area that they've ever seen before.
Out of this great tragedy will come a great victory.
We're calling it from victory to victory, from glory to glory.
Father, You're changing this area and there will be a major move of God in this area out of this great tragedy.
I thank You, Father, that You are comforting those that have lost loved ones, those that have lost children, husbands, wives, families, grandparents, aunts, and uncles.
Father, I thank You that You're restoring what the cankerworm ate.
And Father, they'll bring glory out of this somehow.
What the devil meant for bad, there's going to be the greatest move and the greatest outpouring of Your Spirit over this area like we've never seen before.
We believe, Lord.
Now is the time for Your sons and Your daughters to rise up and take our authority and say, "We're bringing the kingdom with us.
" We're taking the kingdom into our neighborhoods, into our grocery stores, into our churches, and we're saying, "We're no longer going to take it.
" We're taking back our land.
Just like Joshua and Caleb, we're taking the land for the kingdom.
We're taking the people out of the kingdom of darkness and bringing them into the light.
They must hear the gospel.
Father, I thank You, Lord.
Without somebody being sent, without a preacher, how will they hear?
So, Father, I thank You that You anoint our vessels to be the preachers in these last days.
You said signs and wonders will follow them that believe.
Signs and wonders will follow them that believe.
And Father, we believe.
And we believe.
Anoint us with the greatest measure that we've ever seen before.
Put a glory on us, Father, like we've never seen before.
Father, I thank you that it would shine like Moses, that people would see and they would say, "What's different about you?
" We say, "It's Jesus.
" We always deflect.
We always give you the praise, the glory, and the honor.
The Holy Spirit, we are co-laborers working together.
And as we do with you, Holy Spirit, we deflect and give God all the glory.
We take none of it.
We take no glory of ourselves, but we always give you the glory, Father.
We always give you the honor and the praise.
We deflect and give you all the glory.
Jesus Christ is King of Kings and he's Lord of Lords.
And he's the one that did this.
If it wasn't for his blood and his sacrifice, none of this would be possible.
We give him the glory.
Jesus paid the price for the anointing.
Jesus made it where we could be wall-to-wall Holy Ghost.
If it wasn't for Jesus' doing, the glorious church wouldn't be able to rise up like we are right now.
It's because of his sacrifice we're able to be made new.
It's because of his sacrifice we're going from glory to glory.
Because of the blood and the body that was bruised and broken for our iniquities, we deflect.
When people try to give us the praise, we say, "No, it's Jesus.
" If it wasn't for him and that sacrifice, we couldn't do any of this.
We decrease, we become nothing, and he is everything.
It's about him.
And in him, he deserves all the glory because he was the sacrifice.
He was the lamb slain.
He deserves the glory and the honor.
He's the one that's awesome.
Thank you, Lord.
We're just a vessel saying, "Fill us, Lord.
Fill us with that living water.
Let us be filled and controlled by the Holy Ghost.
" Fill us, Father.
Just like it said in John, we thank you, Lord, that we are filling ourselves up with that river of living water.
Oh Lord, we thank you and we praise you.
We give you glory, honor, and praise.
Thank you, Lord.
Thank you, Jesus.
We're going to pray in tongues for a minute.
I'll pray in tongues for about 10 minutes here.
If he wants to show us anything, we will yield.
So, Holy Spirit, we yield.
And if there's anything you want to show us or anything we need to see, we take ourselves up to the next level, praying in the spirit with a brand new tongue.
We praise you, Father.
We worship you.
I see the prime minister of Canada, this new man.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's going to be revival and that the people of Canada would get out and vote.
I don't know the voting system there or their politics, but if they vote, we ask them to get out and vote.
Let the righteous get out and vote there.
Like I said, I'm not familiar with your politics, so if I'm messing it up, forgive me.
But I'm going to pray it the way it is.
There's darkness over Toronto.
I see a sliver, and it went up almost like a pyramid to a point over the area.
It was darkness all in the middle, and I could see a spirit over there, but the light is shining in the believers there.
The Lord says it's time to turn that darkness around.
There's no right for that devil to be over there.
You've got to take your dominion over where you're at, over where you live.
Start praying your bloodline around and praying over the nation and your area in Canada.
Changing the politics just like we did in America.
We're changing the politics in Canada.
From coast to coast, there'll be glory there.
I told you I saw a good person trying to rise up and I saw the bad; it's a spiritual warfare.
And so we pull down those strongholds.
Everything that tries to bear up above the glory.
No, no, no, no.
Just like it tried to do with America, it's trying to do with Canada.
We prayed Justin Trudeau out of there, and the devil tried to raise up another one.
Canada, we've got to raise up our voice and say, "No, no, no, you're not doing it.
" We will change this and we will go from glory to glory.
We're not going to get another man in there that's worse.
You can see it in his face.
He needs to get saved.
But we ask, Father, that the righteous people would rise up, vote, and change the wicked ways.
Humble yourself and pray and turn from your wicked ways, and God said he would heal your land.
Humble yourself and pray.
It's not just about America.
We're going to humble ourselves.
We're going to have revival in Canada.
It's not even just about Canada; it's about England.
It's going to come across, and that spirit tries to go over Europe.
I see it.
And it will not do this.
There will be a changing of the tide, and it won't be a wartime.
Father, we thank you, Lord.
This will be a Holy Ghost time, not a World War time.
It's trying to be like it was in World War II, but we won't have this.
This will not happen.
There'll be glory to glory.
I see war out of the war, and it's around England.
We drink, we drink, we drink.
We dance.
You lead, we follow.
I see the economy of Canada like barrels of almost what looks like brown whiskey barrels.
I see it.
I'm telling you, it was bad.
The economy of Canada, I see it almost as darkness.
And I don't know what that means, because we don't use those old whiskey barrels like that.
Canada.
Vancouver, though.
Vancouver is lit up.
Finances in Vancouver, from what I told you.
Smarter leadership, almost like they want to secede.
secede is what you want to separate from them; secede.
I see you want to come down here and be a part.
They want to line up more with America.
It's about Toronto, though.
It's the pyramid of darkness.
Is that where Toronto is?
No.
So it's up here.
When I was seeing it, the darkness went up like a pyramid and it went out over it.
So it's Canada.
Quebec wants to come, but it's where Toronto is.
That's Ontario.
So Ontario is the bad one.
I see.
But the darkness went all the way down here; it was thick as molasses.
This blackness was trying to come on Canada.
But Vancouver was standing over here and there was light on Vancouver.
Vancouver is fighting this.
I see them trying to do the things to deliver them out of this.
I saw the finances, because of the way this election is trying to go, bring a Great Depression on this area.
It's because of unholy thinking, unrighteous thinking.
There is corruption in the election.
We call for all corruption to be exposed in Canada.
Corrupt elections, election fraud—we come against it.
We speak to the election fraud and say in the name of Jesus, 'Election fraud, you will not have it.
You'll not bear root.
' We come against it and call for an exposing.
I see Justin Trudeau still in the background; that man is very bad.
It's the whole party.
There is a whole vein of them, like it is with the Democrats here.
They are a vein and they are all trying to manipulate, like the Democrats, the way they do things like Schumer and all of them.
They are very dark people right here.
But not with Quebec.
Why?
It's up over here, like you showing me on that map.
I see it again.
But there's different thinking.
It's like black molasses coming down, but Quebec wasn't as bad.
I saw Vancouver like they're trying to be their own thing, in their own economy, trying to save Canada's economy, trying to fight for it because there was an Illuminati pyramid over Toronto and it has its ties—like tentacles—and it goes into England.
I see these black cords that go into England.
It looks like those old telephone switchboards.
That's what it looked like.
It was attached from Toronto into Dakota.
Father, we give you glory, honor, and praise.
The seed time and harvest is accelerating over this in Jesus' name.
Great corruption.
A humbling for doing things wrong.
They are dark, part of the deep state.
BlackRock.
George Soros would influence this too.
I just saw George Soros's face again.
They say they have their own George Soros.
They have one too.
But the light's coming.
The Lord said to always give hope.
As this happens, there will be a glorious outpouring and a changing.
We pray for the change.
Now I'm seeing Japan.
All of a sudden, I went to an earthquake.
I see the number eight—an 8.
0, 8.
7, or 8.
8.
I see the plates shifting way down deep, right underneath it, and it's splitting.
I see the tsunami again.
I saw the whole coast—Seattle, Portland, all the way up to Vancouver.
The wave is larger in some areas than others.
But we pray for Japan.
It's like the power plant disaster when the tsunami came in and caused all that damage.
This is more inland.
This is an 8.
0 plus big earthquake.
It's almost like it tries to divide the whole island mass into two different Japans.
Not separated a lot, but by a thin line.
Father, I thank you that you said we could call just like Abraham.
We pray on behalf of Japan.
There's a lot of believers there, a lot of Christians.
As they raise up protection over their land, there'll be a great revival in Japan.
You showed me a major revival coming.
You'll protect the believers.
We pray a hedge of blood around them that no weapon formed against them would prosper.
Thank you, Lord.
I could pray into this for hours, but we've been going for almost two hours and I'm getting tired.
I'm going to end this video and pray more by myself.
If God shows me more, I'll let you know in tomorrow's video.
Thank you for joining us and praying for this channel.
These are amazing times we're living in.
From what I just saw, I've got to pray through some things.
Click the notification bell, like this video, and subscribe.
We will be back tomorrow to intercede because this needs a lot more prayer.
Remember, God is a God of hope.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, always bring hope to the people.
' Regardless of how dark the times are, there's hope.
We are believers and we believe in hope.
There are good days for the body of Christ.
I refuse to look into the darkness and go, 'Chicken Little, the sky is falling.
' Regardless of how bad it looks, we need to pray more into this.
God bless you all.
Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
Bye-bye.